# 1. Description

In this assignment, you will create a Java program named `CourseMan` for a simple course management
system. The purpose of this program is to allow the students of a faculty of a university to enrol into predefined course modules each semester, and to allow the administrative staff of the faculty to enter the
module marks for each enrolment and to compute the final grade from these marks.

`Students` have the following attributes: `id`, `name`, `dob(the abbreviation for date of birth)`, `address`, `email`.
Attribute `id` is a unique student identifier which is generated automatically by the system using the
formula: the letter `“S”` followed by a number, which is auto-incremented from the current year. For
example, the firststudent to be registered into the program in the year 2019 will have the id of ``S2019``. The
second studentof that year has the id of ``2020``, and so on.

The attributes of `modules` are: `code`, `name`, `semester(the integral number of a course semester)`, and
`credits(the number of credits)`. The module `code` is a unique module identifier which is generated by the
system using the formula: the letter `“M”` followed by the next auto-incremented integer starting from a
base, which is calculated by `multiplying the semester attribute value by one hundred`. For example, the
first module with the semester attribute value of 1 will have the code of `M101`, the second module will
have the code of `M102` and so on. Similarly, the first module with the semester attribute of 2 will have the
code of ``M201``, etc.

There are two types of modules that the program needs to support. The first type is `compulsory module`,
which inherits all the attributes of module. The second type is `elective module`, which has one extra
attribute called `department name`. This attribute is used to record the name of the department that runs the
module (students are allowed to take elective subjects in another department). Note that, every module
instance must be either compulsory or elective. There are no other types of module.

An `enrolment` records a fact that a student has registered interest to study a specific module in a given
semester. It also holds data about the `internal mark`, `examination mark`, and the `final grade` that the student
has obtained in the module. Thus, enrolments will have the following attributes: `student(the student
instance who initiated the enrolment)`, `module(the module instance)`, `internal mark (floating-point)`,
`examination mark (floating-point)`, and `final grade`. `Final grade` is a `single character` which must be one of
the followings: `“E”(excellent)`, `“G”(good)`, `“P”(pass)`, and `“F”(failed)`. Further, the final grade is
generated by the program from an `aggregated mark`, which is computed from the internal and
examination marks using the formula: `aggregated mark = 0.4 × internal mark + 0.6 × examination mark`.

# 2. Task requirements

1. You must create a top-level `package named` for the program where is `your student id`.

2. Specify and implement suitable Java classes for the stated program requirements.

3. Specify and implement an class that is responsible for managing the
enrolment objects. This class must have the following operations:

  (a) `addEnrolment(Enrolment)` – adds a new enrolment

  (b) `getEnrolment(Student, Module): Enrolment` – returns the enrolment of the specified
student and module

  (c) `setMarks(Student, Module, double, double)` – records the internal and examination
marks(in that order) into the enrolment of the specified module of the given student

  (d) `report(): String` – generates an initial report of all the current enrolments (without
marks)in the program

  (e) `reportAssessment(): String` – generates an assessment report of all the enrolments
togetherwith their internal, exam marks and final grade

  (f) `sort()` – sorts the current enrolments in the `descending` order of the student identifier

4. Specify and implement the `CoureMan` class, which is the main program class. This class
has a `main` method that performs the following tasks:

  (a) Initialise at least 5 modules (3 compulsory and 2 elective) and 5 students

  (b) Initialise and use `EnrolmentManager` to create 10 enrolments (containing a mixture of
compulsory and elective modules)

  (c) Print a non-sorted initial report of the enrolments on the standard output

  (d) Print a sorted initial report of the enrolments on the standard output

  (e) Initialise and enter marks for 5 enrolments

  (f) Print a (sorted) assessment report of the enrolments on the standard output

  (g) End the program
